The research-project endpoint has an overly strict source validation rule that is causing all custom project evidence items to be classified as Missing Evidence even when the AI correctly identifies public information.

THE PROBLEM:

The server runs four web searches to build a "retrieved source packet." Then when OpenAI returns classifications with cited URLs, the server checks whether each citation URL appears in the retrieved source packet:

const supportedByRetrievedSource = supportingSources.length > 0;

If the AI's cited URL does not match any URL from the search results, the server forces:

classification: "Missing Evidence"

This is too strict. The AI may correctly identify that a Chevron SEC filing confirms behind-the-meter power generation, but if that specific SEC URL was not in the four search results, the classification gets downgraded. The result: Project Kilby returns 16/16 Missing Evidence despite having extensive public documentation.

THE FIX:

Replace the binary source-match validation with a tiered approach:

1. If the AI's cited URL matches a retrieved source URL exactly: keep the AI's classification as-is. This is the strongest validation.

2. If the AI's cited URL does not match but the AI's classification is "Management Assertion" or lower (Model Inference, User Assumption, Missing Evidence): keep the AI's classification. These are already conservative classifications that don't claim independent verification.

3. If the AI's cited URL does not match and the AI's classification is "Verified Evidence": downgrade to "Management Assertion" (not Missing Evidence). The AI found something but we couldn't independently confirm the source URL. That's an assertion, not an absence of evidence.

4. Only classify as "Missing Evidence" if the AI itself returned "Missing Evidence" OR if the AI returned a value of "Unknown", "Not disclosed", "Not publicly available", or similar null-indicating strings.

5. When a classification is downgraded due to source mismatch, note it in the citation: "AI classification downgraded: cited source not in retrieved search results. Original classification: [X]."

Also increase the number of web searches from 4 to 6 to improve the chance of retrieving the AI's cited sources. Add the project name plus "SEC filing" and the project name plus "press release" as two additional search queries.

After implementing, test with "Project Kilby, Reeves County, Texas" and verify that at least these items come back as something other than Missing Evidence:
- Electricity Cost (Permian Basin natural gas pricing is publicly documented)
- Grid Interconnection (behind-the-meter is publicly confirmed by Chevron press release and SEC 8-K)
- Customer Concentration (Microsoft 20-year PPA is publicly confirmed)
- Water Source Resilience (Texas Pacific Land brackish water agreement is publicly confirmed)

The curated Stargate case should remain unchanged. This fix only affects the AI research path for custom projects.